![alt tag](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/24201238/24583976/ced4c43e-179f-11e7-9c40-c0988c346f55.png)

_**Publish research for free, access research for free.**_

# Weekly communuity call

Format:

## date

## Attendees

## Minutes from last meeting

Composed of:
* *Items discussed* from last month

## Action items from last meeting

Composed of:

* Any *Action Items* from last month

## Items discussed

## Action Items

## 16/08/2017

## Attendees
* Roo 
* Kade

## Minutes from last meeting
None, first time meeting has been recorded

## Items discussed
The MVP project was cleaned up, added to, removed from and rescheduled.

## Action Items
* [x] Kade to remove open leadership from the milestones, it's now done
* [x] Kade to add in Lisa's events to milestones
* [x] Kade to update contributing.md with repo descriptions
* [x] Kade to update readme for app because there are some missing notes
* [x] Kade to speak to Kolt about new issues assigned to him
* [x] Kade to sanity check all issues to see if any need closing
* [x] Kade to speak to Rob and Roo about a metadata call and/or a sidechain call
* [x] Kade to change MVP miletone to end of the year. 

## 23/08/2017

## Attendees
* Rob
* Kade

## Minutes from last meeting
Call was specifically to discuss side chains and cost minimisation for running Aletheia so didn't go over previous call minutes.

## Action items from last meeting
Call was specifically to discuss side chains and cost minimisation for running Aletheia so didn't go over previous call action items

## Items discussed

* We tried to pin down our next steps for quantifying what joining the main Ethereum Chain was going to cost us. We hammered out these steps which seem embarissingly straightforward in hindsight:

1. Figure out all the things that need to go in the smart contract required for submitting papers
2. Write the contract
3. Run it through a debugger to give us gas cost per submission
4. Model of an estimated user base

* We then discussed what needs to go into the smart contract, which we decided as metadata and citations
* To avoid people impersonating others by entering someone else's ORCID on Aletheia/on the submitted paper, we want to see if we can have people associate their ORCID with their Aletheia account off Aletheia.
* Current estimate is we will have some form of a contract for next community call 09/09/2017

## Action Items

* [ ] Rob to write the submission smart contract

## 04/09/2017

## Attendees

* Roo
* Kade

## Minutes from last meeting

* Kade updated Roo on progress with the submission smart contract.

## Action items from last meeting
N/A

## Items discussed
* Roo has been working on getting submissions to work
* Kade has been having discussions with people from University of Texas regardng open access, talks with ConsenSys around creating content, ran through Lisa's presentations, and work redrafting the vision for peer review.
* Kade had questions around scaling, ran through with Roo

## Action Items
* [x] Roo to get submissions to work
* [x] Kade to write ConsenSys article

## 11/09/2017

## Attendees

* Roo
* Kade

## Minutes from last meeting

* NA

## Action items from last meeting

* NA

## Items discussed

* Kade updated Roo on conversation with lawyers for drawing up the not for profit
* Since fundraising can take place soon, Kade and Roo threw around ideas for what fundraising will look like

## Action Items

* [x] Kade and Roo to think about which Australian bank they want the Aletheia Foundation to bank with
* [x] Kade and Roo to research cryptoexchanges
* [ ] Kade to start putting together a business plan for Aletheia Foundation

## 18/09/2017

## Attendees

* Roo
* Kade

## Minutes from last meeting

* NA

## Action items from last meeting

* NA

## Items discussed

* Kade hasn't yet had a chance to do his research from last week so those action items will carry over
* Roo got the submission system working
* Kade Ran through Plasma with Roo, it's a long way off
* Roo suggested looking into Casper as would make Aletheia cheaper to run
* Was decided to put off September's community call until October as we have new volunteers starting

## Action Items

* [x] Kade and Roo to think about which Australian bank they want the Aletheia Foundation to bank with
* [x] Kade and Roo to research cryptoexchanges
* [ ] Kade to start putting together a business plan for Aletheia Foundation

## 16/10/2017

## Attendees
* Roo
* Chris
* Rob
* Kade

## Minutes from last meeting
* Kade has decided Kraken will be the exchange Aletheia uses and Westpac the bank for opening a bank account
* Roo got the submission system working
* Kade Ran through Plasma with Roo, it's a long way off
* Roo suggested looking into Casper as would make Aletheia cheaper to run
* Was decided to put off September's community call until October as we have new volunteers starting

## Action items from last meeting
* [ ] Kade to start putting together a business plan for Aletheia Foundation

## Items discussed

## Action Items
